# 来源
[https://inst.eecs.berkeley.edu//~cs61a/fa13/proj/trends/trends.html](https://inst.eecs.berkeley.edu//~cs61a/fa13/proj/trends/trends.html)

## Introduction
- In this project, you will develop a geographic visualization of Twitter data across the USA. 
- You will need to use dictionaries, lists, and data abstraction techniques to create a modular program. 
- This project uses ideas from Sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, and 2.4, of the Composing Programs online textbook.
- The map displayed above depicts how the people in different states feel about Texas. 

This image is generated by:
- Collecting public Twitter posts (tweets) that have been tagged with geographic locations and filtering for those that contain the "texas" query term,
- Assigning a sentiment (positive or negative) to each tweet, based on all of the words it contains,
- Aggregating tweets by the state with the closest geographic center, and finally
- Coloring each state according to the aggregate sentiment of its tweets. Red means positive sentiment; blue means negative.
- The details of how to conduct each of these steps is contained within the project description. By the end of this project, you will be able to map the sentiment of any word or phrase. The trends.zip archive contains all the starter code and all data (81 MB).

## Tips
### The Autograder
We've included an autograder which includes tests for each question. You can invoke it for a particular question number as follows:
```
python3 trends_grader.py -q <question number>
```
You can also invoke the autograder for all problems at once using:
```
python3 trends_grader.py
```

### Debugging
- You can use the functions `trace`, `interact`, and `log_current_line` defined in ucb.py to inspect a running program.
- You can load your entire implementation and then interact with the current environment using the command: `python3 -i trends.py`
- Add print calls to your functions, but remove them before submitting your final version.


## Phase 1: The Feelings in Tweets
In this phase, you will create an abstract data type for tweets, split the text of a tweet into words, and calculate the amount of positive or negative feeling in a tweet.

- Tweets
First, we will define an abstract data type for tweets. To ensure that we do not violate abstraction barriers later in the project, we will create two different representations:
```text
(A) The constructor make_tweet returns a Python dictionary with the following entries:

  'text':      a string, the text of the tweet, all in lowercase
  'time':      a datetime object, when the tweet was posted
  'latitude':  a floating-point number, the latitude of the tweet's location
  'longitude': a floating-point number, the longitude of the tweet's location
(B) The alternate constructor make_tweet_fn returns a function that takes a string argument that is one of the keys above and returns the corresponding value.
```
### Problem 1 (1 pt). 
Implement the missing selector and constructor functions for these two representations: tweet_text, tweet_time, tweet_location correspond to representation (A); make_tweet_fn corresponds to representation(B). For tweet_location you should return a position object. The constructors and selectors for this abstract data type can be found in geo.py. Remember to preserve data abstraction!

The two representations created by make_tweet and make_tweet_fn do not need to work together, but each constructor should work with its corresponding selectors. The doctests for make_tweet and make_tweet_fn ensure that this is the case. They can be run along with other tests using:
```
python trends_grader.py -q 1
```
Next, we will retrieve the words from a tweet and compute their sentiment.

### Problem 2 (2 pt). 
Improve the extract_words function as follows: 
- Assume that a word is any consecutive substring of text that consists only of ASCII letters. 
- The string ascii_letters in the string module contains all letters in the ASCII character set. 
- The `extract_words` function should list all such words in order and nothing else.

When you complete this problem, tests for question 2 should pass:
```
python trends_grader.py -q 2
```

### Problem 3 (1 pt). 
Implement the sentiment abstract data type, which represents a sentiment value that may or may not exist. 
- The constructor `make_sentiment` takes either a numeric value within the interval -1 to 1, or None to indicate that the value does not exist. 

Implement the selectors `has_sentiment` and `sentiment_value` as well. 
- You may use any representation you choose, but the rest of your program should not depend on this representation.

When you complete this problem, the question 3 tests should pass:
```
python trends_grader.py -q 3
```

You can also call the print_sentiment function to print the sentiment values of all sentiment-carrying words in a line of text.
```
python trends.py -p computer science is my favorite!
python trends.py -p life without lambda: awful or awesome?
```

### Problem 4 (1 pt). 
Implement analyze_tweet_sentiment, which takes a tweet (of the abstract data type) and returns a sentiment.
Read the docstrings for `get_word_sentiment` and `analyze_tweet_sentiment` in `trends.py` to understand how the two functions interact. 
Your implementation should not depend on the representation of a sentiment!.

The tweet_words function should prove useful here: it combines the tweet_text selector and extract_words function from the previous questions to return a list of words in a tweet.

When you complete this problem, the question 4 tests should pass:
```
python trends_grader.py -q 4
```

## Phase 2: The Geometry of Maps
- In this phase, we will implement two functions that together determine the centers of U.S. states. 
- The shape of a state is represented as a list of polygons. Some states (e.g. Hawaii) consist of multiple polygons, but most states (e.g. Colorado) consist of only one polygon (still represented as a length-one list).
- We will use the position abstract data type to represent geographic latitude-longitude positions on the Earth. The data abstraction, defined at the top of `geo.py`, has the constructor make_position and the selectors latitude and longitude.

### Problem 5 (2 pt). 
Implement `find_centroid`, which takes a polygon and returns three values: the coordinates of its centroid and its area. 
- The input polygon is represented as a list of position values that are consecutive vertices of its perimeter. The first vertex is always identical to the last.
- The centroid of a two-dimensional shape is its center of balance, defined as the intersection of all straight lines that evenly divide the shape into equal-area halves. `find_centroid` returns the centroid and area of an individual polygon.
- The formula for computing the centroid of a polygon appears on Wikipedia. The formula relies on vertices being consecutive (either clockwise or counterclockwise; both give the same answer), a property that you may assume always holds for the input.
- Hint: latitudes correspond to the x values, and longitudes correspond to the yvalues.
- The area of a polygon is never negative. Depending on how you compute the area, you may need to use the built-in abs function to return a non-negative number.
- **Manipulate positions using their selectors (latitude and longitude) rather than assuming a particular representation.** 这个是整个data abstraction的关键

When you complete this problem, the question 5 tests should pass:
```
python trends_grader.py -q 5
```
### Problem 6 (1 pt). 
Implement `find_state_center`, which takes a state represented by a list of polygons and returns a position object, its centroid.
- The centroid of a collection of polygons can be computed by geometric decomposition. The centroid of a shape is the weighted average of the centroids of its component polygons, weighted by their area.

When you complete this problem, the question 6 tests should pass:
```
python trends_grader.py -q 6
```

Once you are finished, draw_centered_map will draw the 10 states closest to a given state (including that state). A red dot should appear over the two-letter postal code of the specified state.
```
python trends.py -d CA
```

Your program should work identically, even if you use the functional representation for tweets defined in question 1, using the -f flag.
```
python trends.py -f -d CA
```